yo
all right you're going to take out the
snipers or the guys in the two towers
all right you're not gonna kill anybody
else
follow the waypoint stay right stay down
and this guy here he's not even looking
at you so you can just walk right on by
stay as far right as possible just keep
right straight ahead right there see
that tanker that's what you're going to
jump on so what I do is I just stay in
the bushes and just move all the way
back to the tanker now once you get to
the tanker here all right please jump on
top of it and then to the right right
here you can jump on this little island
thingy or whatever
wow you just go over here drop down into
the bushes
alright so you see that tank thing you
can just run over to it all right now so
you can stay to the right here he's
going to tell you got to get across the
bridge tree Hon All Right see that
bridge there's a guy on the bridge don't
worry about him just stay down stick to
the left and just swim under the bridge
and are you still going to have to be
careful because those guys are right
behind you
is far right
alright
now
that guy right there you're gonna have
to watch him cuz he's gonna be looking
you're gonna have to wait for him to
turn and look see how he's looking right
at me right now
you're going to have to cross the street
in a minute all right across the street
there's a guy up ahead
I don't know whether shot didn't
register okay he's down now you should
be good just running here whose eyes
careful there's a guy right there you
can kill him what you're throwing nice
if you want all right straight ahead
there's a guy up on the balcony there
you can take him out
here it's just search the buildings
like I right there
you
Joe
okay now when you get up here don't
worry just jump down stay to the right
and just stay as far right as you
possibly can up against the ridge of the
wall or whatever just keep moving
through the bushes should be a road or
something here here we go
he came out
yo your stop
ok
and then from here you grab the turret
gun and just defend yourself to the guys
and you're done